Your family
10 million
how
Are you still angry about what happened last night?
I didn't mean to reject women
I just suddenly
I suddenly thought of that man
So she pushed me away.
How did he know it was?
I guessed it right.
Well, don't get me wrong
I didn't misunderstand
Anyway, our marriage
Just to deal with their parents
No emotional foundation
Who will you meet later?
Don't report to me what you did
Let's each play our own way
What are they playing?
What am I talking about?
Master Shu
It's the president's little assistant who sent you here again
Mr. Shi, it seems that you have no right to intervene in my personal affairs, right?
Master Shu, you are so shameless
Why do you have a boyfriend?
Do you still have to take care of the mistress outside?
Pardon me?